CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contribution Guidelines

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md). By participating in this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

## Table of Contents

- [Pull Request Guidelines](#pull-request-guidelines)
- [How to add to this list](#how-to-add-to-this-list)
- [Updating your Pull Request](#updating-your-pull-request)

## Pull Request Guidelines

Please ensure your pull request adheres to the following guidelines:

- Search previous suggestions to make sure your suggestion isn't a duplicate.
- Make sure each list item is useful before adding it.
- Create individual pull requests/issues for each suggestion.
- Use [title-casing](http://titlecapitalization.com) (AP style) in the following format mentioned here [PR Format](https://github.com/AnirudhG07/awesome-yazi/blob/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md).
- Link additions should be added in _alphabetical order_ in the relevant category.
- New categories or changes to the existing categorization are welcome.
- Check your spelling and grammar.
- Make sure your text editor is set to remove trailing whitespace.
- The pull request and commit should have a useful title.
- Annotate your PR to clarify what you did if the diff is confusing.

Thank you for your suggestions!

## How to add to this list

If you would like to add a plugin, flavor, etc. of yazi to the list, here is how you should do it -

1. Fork the repository
2. Edit the Readme ensuring the PR Guidelines are being followed
3. Update the Table of Contents (if needed)
4. Commit and create a PR with its name and content abiding by the PR Guidelines

## Updating your Pull Request

If you are asked to edit your PR due to spelling errors or because your PR didn't match the awesome-yazi list guidelines, please make suitable changes in your fork.
This will automatically be reflected in the PR for further checking.

## Note

The plugin added will be reviewed before adding before any possible malicious additions in your and will also be frequently checked upon. This is to prevent any milicious plugin from reaching to the yazi community through awesome-yazi. Please cooperate with us. Thank you!

Commit message:

rules set for similar name plugin names

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contribution Guidelines

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md). By participating in this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

## Table of Contents

- [Pull Request Guidelines](#pull-request-guidelines)
- [How to add to this list](#how-to-add-to-this-list)
- [Updating your Pull Request](#updating-your-pull-request)

## Pull Request Guidelines

Please ensure your pull request adheres to the following guidelines:

- Search previous suggestions to make sure your suggestion isn't a duplicate.
- Make sure each list item is useful before adding it.
- Create individual pull requests/issues for each suggestion.
- Use [title-casing](http://titlecapitalization.com) (AP style) in the following format mentioned here [PR Format](https://github.com/AnirudhG07/awesome-yazi/blob/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md).
- If a similar named plugin exists, ONLY THEN you are allowed to add your name in the plugin name. Refer [bookmarks](https://github.com/AnirudhG07/awesome-yazi?tab=readme-ov-file#bookmarks) section.
- Link additions should be added in _alphabetical order_ in the relevant category.
- New categories or changes to the existing categorization are welcome.
- Check your spelling and grammar.
- Make sure your text editor is set to remove trailing whitespace.
- The pull request and commit should have a useful title.
- Annotate your PR to clarify what you did if the diff is confusing.

Thank you for your suggestions!

## How to add to this list

If you would like to add a plugin, flavor, etc. of yazi to the list, here is how you should do it -

1. Fork the repository
2. Edit the Readme ensuring the PR Guidelines are being followed
3. Update the Table of Contents (if needed)
4. Commit and create a PR with its name and content abiding by the PR Guidelines

## Updating your Pull Request

If you are asked to edit your PR due to spelling errors or because your PR didn't match the awesome-yazi list guidelines, please make suitable changes in your fork.
This will automatically be reflected in the PR for further checking.

## Note

The plugin added will be reviewed before adding before any possible malicious additions in your and will also be frequently checked upon. This is to prevent any milicious plugin from reaching to the yazi community through awesome-yazi. Please cooperate with us. Thank you!
